Add ADR about VEDA V2 refactor (#875)
NASA-IMPACT/veda-ui: docs/adr/veda-v2-refactor.md

In 2023, our team supported two new projects to integrate VEDA UI for their needs: the U.S. Greenhouse Gas Center (earth.gov/ghgcenter) and the Earth Information Center (EIC; earth.gov). These projects had much wider needs for customization or adaptation, mostly related to the context of the project:
1. Different thematic categorization of content with hierarchies or tags
2. Project-specific headers and disclaimers on several pages, also static / functional ones like the data catalog
3. Changes to navigation - main, secondary, page
4. Additional pages
5. New CMS-typical content types like events or announcements

We are expecting new instances to start using VEDA in 2024.

### Challenge 1: Cumbersome customization to the degree required
Implementing these additional customizations proved to be cumbersome with the current application structure, because they require page overrides and new customization options across the application, which grew fast in complexity.

### Challenge 2: Dependency injection

> The separation of application and content is currently done via Git submodules: the VEDA UI library source tree is injected into a Configuration project and then they are built together. This works and is lightweight, but is not a very common pattern which new contributors to the project need to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The separation of application and content is currently done via Git submodules: the VEDA UI library source tree is injected into a Configuration project and then they are built together. This works and is lightweight, but is not a very common pattern which is an obstacle for new contributors to the project and new instances. 
```

#### 3. Modularize and create smaller reusable components
The core UI library should also expose smaller reusable components like date pickers, form elements, analysis tools, etc… (“presentational/dumb” components). This way developers/stakeholders for example can compose a page view with the A&E feature from the core UI library and consume other reusable components to construct their page view. This also now allows developers to build their own custom components on the instance side and directly incorporate them. 
#### 4. Create a Data layer that manages all data fetching
The proposed data layer is designed to handle all data fetching, including STAC calls, and MDX parsing. Think of it as a versatile data utilities library. Introducing this layer would enable components in the core UI library to remain data-agnostic. In the event of scaling to additional or different data sources, expansion can be easily accomplished by integrating them into this centralized layer. Smart components (larger and stateful) would then efficiently consume this data layer.

> > **Integrating with [stac-react](https://github.com/developmentseed/stac-react/tree/main)**: Because these React hooks manage data fetching to the STAC API using the Context API provider pattern, this could just be used directly as it is already its own data layer. We would have to decide where we wrap the Provider though. Ideally, at the instance level, we would wrap the provider at the highest level in the tree either around the router or specific view containers and then consume these hooks down the hierarchy on the instance side. The components in the core ui library would be prop driven so this way they can be truly data agnostic and accept whatever data passed in.

Author: @oliverroick @sharkinsspatial in this section, I speak in a little more detail about having a data layer and prop driven data agnostic core ui library which seems to align with what was spoken about in the `STAC UI Planning mtg` hopefully

**Architectural Diagram of the Refactor**
![Architectural Diagram](./diagrams/veda-v2-refactor-adr-dataprovider-diagram.png)

*[Miro Board Link](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN6lkBnc=/?share_link_id=85040810316) which documents team's brainstorming discussions, options considered, technical trade-offs, and final proposed solution in detail*

### Value
#### Product POV
This refactor will enhance efficiency of delivering new instances and modifying page views without directly impacting the core UI logic library. It will also facilitate seamless support for a wider range of data integrations. 
#### Developer POV
This refactor will allow developers to move faster by removing specific domain knowledge on very custom dependencies. It will also ideally be easier to make customizations without limitations around overriding pages and components. Spinning up a new instance and making modifications to page views would now be easier with routing and composability moving to the instance level. This will also allow different data integrations to be easily added without having to touch core components. 

> 

Author: @j08lue I know you mentioned moving `Value` into `Context` or `Decision Drivers` but I wasn't too sure how to and if it made sense since the value is generated after the `Decision Outcome` ? Let me know if you think we should remove this and move it else where instead
